# 8-1-Journal-Portfolio-Submission

This file contains the software security report for Artemis Financial. Artemis Financial is a financialconsultant company and wanted to develop an application to reach more of their customers. I ranthrough a manual check of their code for any potential vulnerabilities using a vulnerability assessmentprocess flow diagram and noted each vulnerabitity I found and provided an explanation on what kind itwas. The process of working through the vulnerability assessment was challenging due to each one ofthe seven parts being a little vague. I also ran a Maven dependency checker to find any known vulnerabilities on the dependencies used. Doing checks like these to ensure the software is secure is veryimportant to avoid or reduce the risk of security compromises which can cause data loss, financial loss,and loss of trust by customers. Making sure that software is secure keeps the application productive andallows customers or end users to trust that their communications via the application is secure.I believe that it is important to regurlarly check your application for any updates available todependencies used. Keeping these updated help defend against latest compromises against these. Ifthere are any dependencies with known vulnerabilities without a solution, it is best to look for mitigationtechniques until a solution is available.When checking for vulnerabilities, I ran a test prior to making changes to the code and a test aftermaking changes. This allowed me to see if any vulnerabilities were created during the code changes. Thetool used to check for vulnerabiltiies was the Maven dependency checker which is very easy toimplement and provides a good amount of resources to refer to for the used dependencies.If an employer were to ask for examples of work related to this task, I would show them the securityreport since I think that it provides a good example of being able to summarize the information that Ifound by analyzing the code itself. This shows that I am able to put this information together in a waythat is not too technical and easy to understand or follow.
